The Orphan Girl.
No home, no home, fled a little girl At the door of a princely hall As she trembling stood on the polished shelf And leaned on the marble wall My father, alas, I never knew
And a tear dimmed her eyes so bright.
My mother sleeps in a new-made grave.
Tis an orphan begs tonight.
Her clothes were thin and her feet were bare.
But the snow had covered her head.
Oh, give me home, she feebly said.
A home and a bit of bread The night was dark and the snow fell fast But the rich man closed his door And his proud face frowned as he scornfully said No room, no bread for the poor
The morning dawned and the orphan girl still lay at the rich man's door.
But her soul had fled to a home above where there's room and bread for the cook.